[Integration][Jira] Update jira version in pyproject, update changelog (#1861)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/jira/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.4.40 (2025-07-02)

> ### Improvements
> 
> -  Fix JIRA_HOST in spec file in jira integration
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug Fixes

-  Fix `JIRA_HOST` from str type to url 
```
